Allow suppressing a warning of non-matching glob pattern in TOC (#13230)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: CHANGES.rst

* #13146: Napoleon: Unify the type preprocessing logic to allow
  Google-style docstrings to use the optional and default keywords.
  Patch by Chris Barrick.

> * Add a subtype ``toc.glob_not_matching`` to a warning of a non-matching glob
>   pattern in TOC.

Reviewer: Describe why the change is being made, rather than what it does
```suggestion
* Allow supressing warnings from the :rst:dir`toctree` directive when a glob pattern
  doesn't match any documents, via the new ``toc.glob_not_matching`` warning sub-type.
  Patch by Slawek Figiel.
```

Author: Sure, I've rephrased the sentence a bit.

  Patch by Adam Turner.
* #13065: Enable colour by default in when running on CI.
  Patch by Adam Turner.

> * Add the subtype ``toc.empty_glob`` to allow suppressing the warning of
>   a non-matching glob pattern in TOC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow supressing warnings from the :rst:dir`toctree` directive when a glob pattern
  doesn't match any documents, via the new ``toc.glob_not_matching`` warning sub-type.
  Patch by Slawek Figiel.
```

  Patch by Adam Turner.
* #13065: Enable colour by default in when running on CI.
  Patch by Adam Turner.
* Allow supressing warnings from the :rst:dir`toctree` directive when a glob pattern
  doesn't match any documents, via the new ``toc.glob_not_matching`` warning sub-type.

>   Patch by Slawek Figiel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow supressing warnings from the :rst:dir:`toctree` directive when a glob
  pattern doesn't match any documents, via the new ``toc.glob_not_matching``
  warning sub-type.
  Patch by Slawek Figiel.
```
